Behavioural questions:
-- Hardest bug/ problem? 
production server break, call connection break
-- How would you troubleshoot service failure?
server logs, http error code
--  
1. Tell me about yourself.
I have been working in software industry as a developer since past 3 years. I am currently interning with an amazing startup called Pavilion Data systems. I am working as a Big data engineering intern. Now I am looking for a full time job opportunity in a Big Data domain.

2. What is your current role all about.
Setting up multi node data base cluster.

3. What are three of your greatest strengths? Weaknesses?
I am very goal and product driven. Passionate about the things I enjoy doing.
W -- I am too hard

4. Why this company?

5. Tell me about a time when you had to work with someone you did not get along with. How did you handle the situation? (conflict management)
-- leading a non experienced team. 

6. Tell me about a time when you had to overcome a significant challenge at work. How did you manage?
-- sales and distribution app

7. Which one of your accomplishments are you most proud of and why? Tell me about a time when you failed.
-- sales and distribution app
-- uCollab

8.Tell me about the project (preferably from your resume’) you are most proud of, your role in it, the challenges you faced, and the learnings you gleaned from it.
-- Lifeforce data systems + Pavilion Data Systems

12. Tell me something about yourself that is not on your resume’.
-- passionate about cricket, movies. I am very goal and product driven.

13.   What is your ideal job? What kind of manager would you like to report to?
16.   Tell me about your most favorite and least favorite classes in college. Why those particular ones?
17.   Who is your favorite <person from field you’re interviewing for>? Why? If you could pick one person living or dead to have dinner with, who would it be, and what would you talk about?
18.   Have you ever been in a situation where you were asked to do something you weren’t sure was morally right? Explain how you handled it.
19.   Tell me something from your resume’ that, in your opinion, makes you stand out from the candidate pool for this position.
20.   Did you ever have a major conflict with a boss or other authority figure? Tell me about it.
21.   Are you interviewing at other places? In other industries? Why do you want to work at our firm or in our industry?
22.   Tell me what your understanding is of what someone employed in the position you are interviewing for, would do on a day to day basis.
23.   If I spoke to your boss or co-workers today, what are some adjectives they would use to describe you?
24.   You are working on a project where the team lead (you feel unfairly) repeatedly rejects every idea you put forward. What would you do?

26.   Do you have any questions for me?

